
set_global_assignment -name FAMILY "Cyclone IV E"
set_global_assignment -name DEVICE EP4CE10E22C8
set_global_assignment -name TOP_LEVEL_ENTITY top
set_global_assignment -name PROJECT_OUTPUT_DIRECTORY build
set_global_assignment -name PROJECT_CREATION_TIME_DATE "08:31:59  SEPTEMBER 08, 2023"
set_global_assignment -name LAST_QUARTUS_VERSION "22.1std.1 Lite Edition"

set_location_assignment PIN_23 -to clk_in
set_location_assignment PIN_87 -to op
set_location_assignment PIN_68 -to in_a[0] 
set_location_assignment PIN_67 -to in_a[1]
set_location_assignment PIN_66 -to in_a[2]
set_location_assignment PIN_65 -to in_a[3]
set_location_assignment PIN_64 -to in_b[0]
set_location_assignment PIN_60 -to in_b[1]
set_location_assignment PIN_59 -to in_b[2]
set_location_assignment PIN_58 -to in_b[3]
set_location_assignment PIN_127 -to a 
set_location_assignment PIN_126 -to b
set_location_assignment PIN_125 -to c
set_location_assignment PIN_124 -to d
set_location_assignment PIN_121 -to e
set_location_assignment PIN_120 -to f
set_location_assignment PIN_119 -to g
set_location_assignment PIN_115 -to sign0 
set_location_assignment PIN_129 -to dis1
set_location_assignment PIN_128 -to dis0
